DOC-6384: Troubleshoot hanging or stuck queries on Serverless due to throttled RUs (#16984)
cockroachdb/docs: v23.1/query-behavior-troubleshooting.md

Refer to the performance tuning recipe for [identifying and unblocking a waiting transaction](performance-recipes.html#waiting-transaction).

> If you experience this issue on a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster, the cause could be [throttled Request Units](../cockroachcloud/troubleshooting-page.html#hanging-or-stuck-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience this issue on a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} cluster, your cluster may be throttled or disabled because you've reached your monthly [resource limits](../cockroachcloud/troubleshooting-page.html#hanging-or-stuck-queries).
```

Author: included suggestion
